(dramatic music)
(keyboard typing)
(electronic music fades in)
(upbeat electronic party music)
(orchestral music)
(water splashing)
- Hi. Sorry. I like to get
an early morning swim in.
(water splashing)
- You have a really nice place.
- Oh, thank you.
I mean, it's rented and now I
have roommates, but thank you.
Would you like some breakfast, maybe?
- Who am I to say no?
- You like some fresh fruit
from the exotic Orient?
- Who am I to say no?
- I will have you know.
I took a tramp steamer six
months across the Atlantic.
Herds of elephants to the fields of Siam,
just to get as fresh as possible for you.
- Wow.
- That's a lie.
I went to the green grocer.
- Wow. The green grocer.
- Oh yeah, you might have noticed that.
- Yeah.
- It's a computer.
- Oh, yeah, I'm aware.
- You know, I, I need it for work,
but I hate that thing, honestly.
But that's how you work in a bikini.
- Yeah, you look really good in a bikini.
- Thank you.
You know, on the net, no
one knows that your 20,
your a 21 year old girl in a
bikini that like, you know,
likes to spend a day outside
by the pool most of the day.
- Well, you look good in a bikini.
- Thank you.
- I'm sure that you're very professional,
and that some organization
values you very much.
- Could you get that for me?
- Get what?
- It's like a, a pad or it,
with like something written on it.
Eric Johnson.
He's the Vice President of
Second National Bank of England.
(blonde girl sighs)
It's like, you know,
one of the biggest banks in the world,
it's bigger than the first.
- Um, Okay.
- And, huh! And we're in!
- Now I can access all
of his controls of banks,
and the money.
Create loans, redistribute
money, and, you know,
pretty much everything is already set up,
so it can be done with
a couple of keystrokes.
- Okay. What is going on?
- Do you like your fruit?
Kiwi is sometimes call Chinese gooseberry.
It's fascinating how much
stuff comes from China.
- What are you doing?
- Um, I'm, I'm just, you know,
hacking the mainframe,
as the expression goes.
You know, controlling network
so they give me what we want
and then I, I could be a billionaire,
but I, I've got interest, you know.
I could be a billionaire,
but I have an interest.
- Wait, you're a what? How
are you doing all of this?
- I, I typed in that number.
You know what you hear, like,
elaborate stories of like,
people typing in a hundred
lines a minute, you know,
using elaborate malware.
But it's really just that.
I, I typed in a number.
- But how did you get this number?
- And that's where the game comes in.
(soft electronic music)
- [Brunette Woman] Dear Pentamis,
I never thought this would happen to me.
To be quite honest, I never
thought of this at all, really.
It's easy to imagine yourself
a doctor, or an astronaut,
or even a vampire,
but I never expected I would
end up a bikini hacker.
What does that even mean?
I can't remember the last
time I even wore a bikini.
It's not really me.
I did dream about working in film,
living in Los Angeles, Hollywood,
but I didn't dream about
being an actor or a director,
or even a writer. I dreamt
about being a film editor.
And five months ago I did
follow my dream and moved to LA.
I worked mostly editing
or assisting the editor of
reality TV, cheap commercials.
Nothing too exciting.
And I found myself in a very unreal place.
It was starting to get to me, really.
And I didn't know how long
my LA experiment would last.
However, it was a place
where dreams met reality.
And for me, that was when I met...
- My name is Lana Joke.
- Joke?
- It's Danish.
I'm the active head
of the Hacker Collective
Group, XDelta Revenge.
Wait, does my makeup look okay?
- Oh. Yeah. It's fine.
- I'm, I'm off by the
pool, you know, and I,
I like to tan and, and
water and, who am I kidding?
I like to look good. What was I?
- Uh, the International Hacker Collective?
- Right.
Um, bent on putting the world
to a more just and equitable way and,
and take out, take down the,
the corporate nations thing.
Are my nails okay?
- [Tiffany] They look fine.
- Well.
- She always worries about the silly shit.
- I would like to
introduce you to Tiffany.
Well, my entire organization actually.
Some collective groups
have like, you know,
meeting boards and, and Reddit.
But we have a nice house. Does wonders.
- You can track that shit in an instant.
- Well, Tiffany's in charge of
physical security, you know,
like electric sensors and locks and stuff.
- Yep.
- Wait, what do you mean?
Like the electronic lock systems? Or?
- I have a crowbar. Works
better than you think.
- She spent three years in 'Nam.
- Wait, what?
- Vietnam. It's a nice country.
- It was a college thing.
I used to help assistant
manage a hotel there. But yeah.
Anyways, I helped break the doors down.
- Anyway, here's Pauline.
Pauline can get anywhere.
- She's overstating.
- Not the greatest talker,
but you need someone in a
room halfway around the world,
Pauline can get there.
- Wait,
are you opening your laptop so
you can show me a webcam feed
of Pauline halfway around
the world in some room?
- She's not magic.
- No, no, no, no.
- Oh, last thing, we have Erin.
- Okay, so you do the actual computers.
- I mean, we're, we're all hackers,
but I do really like computers.
That's why I got into it.
- Well, Erin's skillset is, she
can seduce anyone, anywhere!
She can get into their pants.
- I hate it when you call it that.
- I'm sorry. She's the, the
indistinct? woman. The charmer.
- I mean, it is a skillset. Yeah.
- Oh, sorry. I said lastly.
I didn't mean lastly.
Cause lastly we have Willy Tallsalt.
- Willy Tallsalt, at your service.
I help girls in need,
restore balance to the great green earth.
- He handles logistics.
- One might not think it,
but there is a lot of complex
systems required to make
an elaborate international operation work.
Even if it's just four people.
Transportation, supplies,
dealing with local authorities.
It's a huge task.
- I would imagine so.
- Anyway, we're a crazy bunch.
- It wouldn't be a problem
if you had followed
the dish schedule that I'd
laminated at my own expense.
- I, I mean, I don't mean
to speak up or anything,
but why would you get it laminated?
I get the idea of making
it hard and everything,
but that just means...
- Well, it's laminated
in case you can't do it.
You can black it out and
switch with someone else.
That way you can easily see it.
- I live on the rainbow that
comes from unicorn horns.
- Okay.
- Ah, anyway. Where was I?
We are a crazy bunch, but
would you like to join us?
- Join you for what?
What are we gonna do?
Like a bikini car wash
to save the rec center?
- Actually yeah, we are.
That's on Sunday, right?
- Sunday.
- That's not important though.
- That, that means she could
help us with that though.
- That?
- We have figured out a way to
take all the money in the world
and redistribute the wealth.
- I mean, I'll be honest,
these car washes can be a hit or miss.
Sometimes you get plenty,
sometimes who cares?
Nobody comes.
But it's especially fun
if it's a hot afternoon.
- The world runs on candy
cans and sugar cubes
fermented in Dayton, Ohio.
- Anyway, the opposite corporation
is one of the largest in the world.
Though, I'm, I'm not sure
if you've heard of it,
but it's funny cause all they provide is
network infrastructure and security and,
and they're like the best
of the banks, you know,
they take, they have all
the money in the world.
And, and if you take that
out, everything crumbles.
So it's going to be dangerous
and, and a little tricky.
But are you...
(door clicking)
- Hey, I'm sorry about this.
- Yeah. It's just that, I'm a...
Okay, I don't wanna say nobody,
but I just came out here to do film,
you know, edit, log footage,
maybe do reality television,
and this whole thing is
just so, it's really...
- Maybe little much?
- Yeah.
- I understand.
- Well, this has been a weird morning.
- Totally.
- You drove here, right?
- So what's the plan?
- So what's the play?
- When was the last
time you wore a bikini?
(upbeat music starts)
- [Lana] The OBSEC
corporation's main industry
is network infrastructure and security.
The best in the world.
(Brunette sighs disgustedly)
Such they can't really be backdoor hacked.
With any of the flash and eyes, and eyes.
I, I know there are other words,
but pretty much any of the
traditional hacking methods.
- Uh uh.
- [Lana] Right. We're
not going to break in.
And what's worse, the second we did,
people are monitoring every second.
So if something happens,
they will notice it.
Unless the company CEO did it?
From it's personal computer?
And told the people that it was okay.
- Not on your life.
- It's located in the corporate
headquarters in Houston.
- Houston?
- Trust me.
That a large international
company is located in Houston,
is probably going to be
the most logical thing
we're going to encounter.
67 levels, 50 guards,
and virtually every
electronic measure possible.
Getting into the parking
lot is gonna be hard,
but his main computer is on the 25th floor
of his personal office.
So we just gotta get in,
get his password, and
confuse the people in charge
and install the program and get
out without getting noticed.
And since they think they
have some kind of, you know,
way of monitoring his movements,
he has to be in the
building at the same time.
- Okay, sure. That sounds easy.
- I'm climbing through the air vent a la
the 1998 Kurt Russell movie, Soldier.
- I get your skepticism,
but we have one advantage.
He's a man.
- Sam?
- Yes.
- It's Sam, isn't it?
- Yes, it is.
- You've been with us for eight years.
- Yes. Yes I have.
- I just heard through the grapevine
that you just got a baby.
- Oh yes. He's adorable.
Do you wanna see some pics?
- Do I?
Oh, adorable. What's his name?
- Jose.
- Sounds fancy.
- Yeah, my wife is Brazilian.
- Oh yeah. Neat.
I was in Brazil.
Gee, I have a great story about Brazil.
Left the brain.
Anyway, you're fired.
- [Richard Dawson] God. Oh god.
I love it when they cry.
- [Lana] This man is Richard
Dawson, the company CEO.
He's legally entitled to
be called the founder,
but he actually isn't.
He's radical indistinct evil.
(mysterious music)
(crackling electric noises)
(electronic music intensifies)
- Danielson.
- Yeah?
- How's our infrastructure?
- Well, we had a brief
denial of service attack.
I think it came from India.
Could be a bit of new malware.
- How's it doing?
- Great, sir.
- That's what I need to
hear. If I don't, well,
I'm kind of wired from
having just fired someone
and I don't think in my condition
I could fire someone else so quickly.
- It's okay.
- We have a new client,
Atlanta Corporation.
They're, they're something.
Anyway, the CEO wants to make sure
we can handle the extra traffic.
- Legal is taking care of the
paperwork for next week, sir.
- Ooh, great work Stasia, keep it legal.
That's your responsibility.
- It's gonna be no problem.
We just need to get some new servers
to serve the system a little faster.
- In English?
- We'll be okay.
- Great. We're throwing a
ceremony to sign the contract.
Show 'em around. It's funny,
have you heard of the furry people
that wear those silly bear costumes?
- Yeah.
- So is he.
- Don't screw this up.
- My beloved.
- The Atlanta Corporation
is actually a good pawn.
There's going to be a lot
of people in the building
and why it's not like the Met Gala.
- If only one day, one day.
- There is going to be
a lot of outside people,
in a somewhat not alert state.
- Um, why are we wearing bikinis?
- Well, I thought we're gonna
get some fun in at the pool.
(water splashing)
(girls giggling)
(upbeat electronic music)
(girls giggling and splashing)
- Wow, your tits are amazing.
- Stop. Yours are amazing.
- What's eating her?
- Monsters from the end of time,
slowly they consume her soul,
with small serrated teeth.
- I think you're just more
of a free spirit than I am.
- I consider it a good quality.
Oh, thank you Willie.
- So you really think
that this is gonna work?
- Let's not worry about it
right now. Let's have some fun.
(mysterious techno music)
- Yeah, yeah.
We were gonna use the
services anyway, but...
- [Pauline] Sir, I wanted to introduce you
to your new assistant.
- Hi, I'm Erin.
- Did I need a new assistant?
- [Erin] Yes.
- Oh, sorry.
Sometimes I get lost, you know, thinking.
- Well, why don't I help remind you?
- Who's that girl you just brought in?
(door clicking)
- Part one is in place.
Now we need part two.
(mysterious chiming music)
- [Tiffany] Hey.
(metal clinking)
(man moaning)
- Step two.
- Who did this to you?
- I don't know. Bikinis.
- Get on it. Tell the boys upstairs.
(heavy breathing)
- Oh God. Wow. Oh.
- [Erin] Hey, I was thinking,
I heard that you were going
to an event later tonight.
Maybe I could be your plus one.
- I don't know. You know,
it's kind of a big deal and
I don't even want to go.
Maybe it's not such a good idea.
- You sure?
I mean, I'll let you
touch my boobs some more.
- I think things are progressing smoothly.
- I don't entirely understand this.
- What part?
- Everything, but especially
this part with the computers.
- Well, what we're going to do
is to complicated for humans.
So we're going to have to use a program.
I hate these things.
Anyway, use this flash drive
and plug it into the computer,
and, and run the program and, and yeah,
just run the update.com.
- Yeah, I, I mean, I guess
I work with computers.
- Anyway.
This is what happens.
And, and this is what it looks like.
I just hate that.
I hate flashy things.
Oh, I'm going to hack the matrix.
I'm going to bust the system.
In just three nano clicks. Haha!
- I mean, it's okay.
- Sometimes I wish I stayed
in bikini computer repair.
- I just want everything
tonight to go smoothly.
This is a big deal. In
a lifetime, billions.
I just, I just feel over the edge.
I just, yeah. I need to calm down.
How long have you worked for the company?
Yeah?
Has your pension been funded?
(keyboard clicking)
(suspenseful music)
(music ends abruptly and
keyboard clicks continue)
(suspenseful music)
- [Erin] Why the long face?
- Just old memories.
- It'll be okay.
Hey, hey driver. Stop the car, quick.
(suspenseful music intensifies)
- [Erin] Hey.
- Our car broke down.
- That's a shame.
- Do you guys need a ride?
- Yeah.
- Jump in.
- [Brunette Woman] Awesome.
We're going to a corporate event.
- Come on!
(doors close)
(seatbelt clicks)
(upbeat electronic music)
(keyboard clicking)
- Ah, it's important to
roll out the red carpet.
- Yes sir.
(heavy breathing and moaning)
- Ah, oh yeah. Oh. Oh. Ooooh.
(grunts)
(high pitched snoring noises)
- The car has checked in.
- What?
- [Male Voice Over Phone]
Did you notice that?
- Yeah, what was it?
- [Male Voice Over Phone] It
only happened in the building.
No damage to the network system.
The batteries kept that from affecting it.
- In English.
- [Male Voice Over Phone]
I think we're okay.
- All right, let's get on this.
Can you handle this? I
need to get to the action.
- Yes sir.
- Make me seem proactive.
- [Lana] Hi. My name is Walker.
I'm the CEO of Atlanta Corporation.
- Hello.
- Um, I was going to see Richard Dawson
to sign some contracts about
my company's network infrastructure.
Yeah, we had some rigamarole
regarding the car at the front.
- [Pauline] Is there a problem?
- Mr. Walker is a man.
- Okay, inside is the burst.
Hopefully this uniform gives
me some cover for a bit.
(keyboard clicking)
(mysterious music)
- [Walker] Wooooow. That was just, wow.
(door closes)
Hey, where did the...
Oh, ho ho, oooh.
(moaning)
Muah muah muah muah muah
muah muah muah muah muah.
- Thanks.
- You see Jenna, expression
is a very complicated thing.
One you can't fully make assumptions on.
I'm not mad at you for calling me a man,
but it doesn't fully express.
- I do apologize. I really
do for making assumptions.
- It's okay.
- You may or may not have noticed,
we had a security incident.
Mr. Dawson is taking
care of that right now.
- Shows that he's on the ball.
That's what we signed up to guard, right?
Whatever we do.
- Isolate the mainframe.
Make sure no texts have
gone to this system.
- In English?
- We're just making
sure nothing's going on.
Or we're speaking with the
power company and they haven't
realized anything unusual.
- (yelling) Then what was it?
- We don't know. But so
far it's not that bad.
- English.
- Um, how's that not English.
(keyboard clicking)
(suspenseful music)
(door creaking)
(clinking on floor)
(funky music)
(feet shuffling)
- We were going to sign the paperwork,
but we should wait for him.
Want a tour?
- Interested in a tour?
- What?
- It's a joke. This is
a place of business.
- Oh, excuse me, miss?
Do you have an appointment?
- Yes. I'm here to see Cheryl.
- Oh, okay.
I don't know why I bothered.
(mysterious music)
- There's always a Cheryl.
- Hey.
- Yeah, I'm new.
- Yeah, well, it's okay.
Boss likes firing people for less reasons.
- Not me. I'm gonna stay forever.
- Hmm.
I like your attitude
and your non-traditional
way of wearing a uniform.
Hmm.
- I got it in 'Nam.
- What?
- Vietnam.
It's very hot. I should uh,
probably buttoned this up now.
- Oh, not for my sake.
- No what? I should probably...
- Hey, where's my shirt?
Thanks.
- [Richard Dawson] Hey.
Just wanted to tell you,
you're fired! Get out!
You know what?
Lost my temper.
Can you stay?
Can you please stay?
I mean, don't do it for me.
Don't even do it for you.
Do it for the Benz man.
Do it for the Benz, please.
It would mean the world.
Just kidding. You're fired!
Hey, was just talking,
turns out you are the only
one who has some sort of
software license stuff. We need you back.
Kay? Hey Ronnie.
Doing great bud.
(intense electronic music)
(keyboard clicking)
- Sorry, this is taking so long.
- Could you describe
to me more the services
your company provides?
- Well.
- In English?
- I am familiar with that phrase.
(women giggle)
- [Pauline] Puberty love, is so.
- Sorry, getting some cross chatter.
It's hard to pay attention.
- Yeah.
- Well that's it forever.
Hey, how are you?
We talked a lot. It's
good to meet in person.
- Yes. Yes.
This is my date.
- Hey.
- I know it's not part of the plan,
but don't mess this up for me.
- Hey. Okay.
Listen. Before we sign anything,
I wanna show you our security center.
Dealing with a little bit of issues,
but it's a good illustration
of the hard men and women
we have working here.
- Those birds are so angry.
- Crab experiments?
- [Male Voice] Skatter skatter skatter!
Skatter skatter skatter!
- I was three months away
from finding my pension.
- That's too bad, Cheryl.
Cheryl.
- Sit up and fly straight. And
remember, birds do not exist.
- Working hard?
- Hardly working.
- Good.
(computer noises)
- And this is the heart of our operations.
5,000 servers humming along,
controlling 85% of the
transactions all over the world.
- 6,000 doing 90%.
- Oh, ho ho ho, stand corrected.
I'd like you to meet Danielson.
He's the head of the operation.
(somber guitar music)
- Excuse me, I was curious.
Could we have a moment?
- [Deep Male Voice] Sir?
Uh, we have something.
- Sure, I guess. is it important?
- [Deep Male Voice] Maybe?
(guitar music continues)
(crashing sound)
- What am I doing here?
- I saw this, didn't know what it was.
So I called up the chain of command.
Didn't expect to see you.
- Yeah. Good job.
Yeah. This is right on power.
A surge like this.
How long did this get here?
- [Tiffany] Wanna see something cool?
- Okay. Okay.
I am the CEO of the 9th biggest
company in the world, okay?
(Computer noises)
- Charlie, it's you.
What are you doing here?
- It's a corporate tour
and I, I'm, I'm sorry,
I'm so sorry.
All these years, you know,
the first year you were
all that I thought about
and all the things that I
thought I would say to you,
I forgot 'em, but I'm sorry.
- My beloved. My beloved.
- [Walker] Oh, so much time.
I should be sad.
- Don't be, don't be.
- [Erin] Ahem, hey?
- A woman?
- Oh, she means nothing to me, mi a moire.
(whispers) Sorry.
- Okay.
- A woman. It's always a woman.
(keyboard clicking)
(deep breath)
- Boobs, breasts, mammary glands.
Let me tell you something, Missy.
I hate boobs. I hate 'em.
I loathe them.
I loathe women that think they can
come up to me with boobs,
that think they can marry me
and take my money with boobs.
Is that what you think?
Is this her station?
- Right?
- That I could just ignore this.
This is what caused our problem.
To make me look like a fool?
- Well.
Thank you Willie.
- Oh. I'm looking for room 35-4-34.
- [Janitor] Yeah?
- It's just. I don't know.
- [Janitor] Important
stuff this time of night.
- Well, you know, just the
fate of the world, whatever.
This whole thing is so stupid.
- [Janitor] It's called life.
(keyboard clicking)
(calming upbeat music)
- We have multiple layers
of 12 point security.
People in crypto say it. It's
impossible to brute force.
what, what our company uses.
- I, I'm sorry.
This is all really fascinating,
but I need to go to the bathroom.
- Yeah, of course. Down the hall.
You can use whichever one you like.
- That's slightly patronizing.
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I have a trans friend.
- Well, why don't you talk about it.
I'm, I'm sorry.
I apologize. You know, this
is really new to me and I,
I do get the snippet your
trying and I do appreciate it.
- Yeah.
(door opening)
(door closing)
- I'm free.
I had to go places, dark places,
but I'm free in more ways than one.
- I've been alone in, in my bisexuality.
It, it's not a sin.
Just know that I'll cast her out.
I'll sing only you my love, for you.
Since we've been apart,
I've made millions.
Why don't we leave this all
behind and move to Patagonia
like we've always dreamed
and raised alpacas.
- [Erin] Hey, I'm, I'm gonna,
I'm gonna just leave you guys to it, okay.
- Hey, I'm free.
- Oh my God.
I hate people like you.
You think that because you work with me,
you can just pretend to do your job.
But this happened on your watch.
This is your responsibility.
And when we find out who did this,
you're not gonna be here
because you're fired.
Quit being on your phone.
You pathetic poor person.
I hope you starve.
- Sir.
- [Richard Dawson] Yeah?
- You want me to fly
right and scared straight.
I'm not getting my job
back without speech.
That's motivation.
Not like I've had since 'Nam.
- 'Nam?
- That was where I was serving the rich.
Even in our decadent
dreams, the total darkness,
even darker than hell.
Blacker than any hell.
Vietnam's a beautiful country though.
- Whatever. Get on, you hippie.
- Get this to Danielson.
- Bri, it finally worked.
(deep breath)
- I feel a bit worked up.
- [Janitor] Look, miss
whatever you're here for,
I don't care.
You could burn the whole
building down for all it matters.
- I don't know.
Okay. Do you wanna know?
We're here to hack the main computer.
Somehow, there's like
a program or something
and then we're just gonna distribute money
all over the world.
The only thing is, it's nuts.
I have no idea how this
is supposed to work. Like,
are people supposed to
work or, or get food?
The whole thing is so
dependent on the system.
What is gonna replace it? I, I don't know.
It's just so very, I don't know.
(sighs)
- Who were you telling this to?
- Sorry.
- Is that really how you feel?
- Come on.
You know this isn't gonna work.
It's fun.
I just don't want us to get hurt.
- Whenever you're ready.
- Sorry, I had to take care of something.
I was wondering where you were.
I think we found out what
caused the electrical thing.
I was talking to the
CEO down in the center.
- But, they're over there.
- Let's head over.
- Yeah.
- Well if you're not
going to bring the world
to total anarchy, I am.
- I'm sorry.
- Don't you remember the good times?
(funky disco music)
- Yeah. It's mainly us hanging
at the pool in our bikinis.
- Yeah. And that's what I'm fighting for.
So everyone can go to the
pool, in their bikinis.
That's gonna be pure magic.
- I told you I'm not magic.
- Sorry I was speaking metaphorically.
- It's okay.
(dramatic tonal music)
- [Richard] Sorry.
(computer noises)
- You're right. Not very professional.
- You have a good man
here. We have a lot of...
- You know what, take a minute.
That CEO, when he came in here,
he was with a broad.
Show him the boardroom when you're done.
(keyboard clicking)
(mellow music)
- How's your night?
- Oh, a little unusual but not bad.
- You okay?
- Yeah. Just you know,
my head's a little sore.
I got hit a while back.
- Oh, it's a shame.
- Yeah.
(metal clangs)
- Sorry.
- Still locked. Well guess we're done.
- Really? That's it?
- Well, you can make this not work.
Or, you can make it an
internal (indistinct).
Not both.
- I'm, I'm gonna get some water.
- Suit yourself.
- Sorry. Rent-a-pig, enjoy.
He's probably gonna get fired.
- So much is going wrong.
There's a major security breach.
There's people on multiple
tours. I am in hot water.
- You look so tense.
- Huh?
- Why don't I distract you a little bit?
(water trickling)
(Erin gasps)
- Oops.
- Oh my God.
We're here.
- Yeah.
- I expected it to be more, I don't know,
fancy?
- I'm sure he has something.
But, you know what I've
noticed with the powerful,
they seem to have less
developed aesthetics.
Like sure they aspire to wealth
and like giant mansions and
sophistication paintings
by Monet and trophy wives.
But they don't seem to appreciate
the beauty in front of them.
Right in front of them.
- Yeah.
- [Lana] I'm sorry.
- It's all right.
- Question.
- Yes?
- So we are in the office of
the ninth most powerful CEO
in the world.
Do you wanna do it on his desk?
(triumphant upbeat music)
(girls moaning)
- I'm sorry, my top keeps
coming up and you fainted.
- That's probably my head wound.
(kissing noise)
- That made my night.
(Tiffany giggles)
- Do you want some coffee, sir?
- It's 10:00 PM.
- Burning the midnight
oil. It's so viscous.
- What is it?
- Not quite sure.
Sorry.
- I know you're married to your work.
I should be.
I've built my entire
corporation without your shadow.
I have papers to sign.
- Don't be like that.
(heavy breathing)
(kissing noises)
(triumphant music intensifies)
(indistinct)
- Who are you?
(music abruptly stops)
- What are your...
(techno music starts)
- [Willie] Oh gee, oh gee, oh gee!
(rustling noises)
- Girls in trouble, girls in trouble!
- Gotta help, gotta help!
- [High Pitched Squealing
Voice] Oh no, oh no,
what else, I think you need help.
- You're just a woman.
- I have friends.
- Karate chop.
- I know Kung Fu.
- But didn't you say karate chop?
- You know Kung Fu comes
from the Chinese tradition,
but really in Chinese,
it means any martial art
form of combat. NINJA FLAP!
(explosion sound)
- Well, I have something at
the front desk to attend to.
You can handle this right?
- Me?
- Anyway, you have the hard drive.
- Yeah, but how do I log in?
(heavy breathing)
(moaning)
- Oh, he didn't even log off.
- You can do this.
Okay.
If there's any questions,
he wrote his passwords down.
- Where's my top?
- What could it be?
- It's probably just a shorted fuse.
The electrical all went
out because of some short,
cheap electrical fuse.
That's nothing unusual.
Tonight's just so strange.
But the true strangeness is finding out
what I might have thought I lost forever.
- Do I really wanna change
the fate of the world?
Hello?
- [Male Voice On Phone] Hey Sarah?
- Yes.
- This is Mike at Funicular Post Studios.
We worked last year.
- Oh, yeah?
- [Mike] I was wondering.
Well, we're getting a
project in next week.
It's called Clown College.
It's a 30 minute reality show on TXC.
Need someone to log the footage,
work with the associates
to get a rough edit in.
It's a total of eight episodes.
Hoping you could do two over a month.
- Um, I don't know. Can I think about it?
Can I tell you tomorrow?
- It's pretty much what it sounds like.
Honestly, from what I've seen,
the footage is pretty eh,
but it's a good opportunity.
- We're good.
Good.
- Well at least it's an
excuse to see each other.
- [Deep Male Voice] Sir,
something is happening
in the system.
- Sir, we just want to chat for a second.
Did someone install a program
called Updating your Computer?
- [Richard Dawson] Someone? It's me.
Yes.
- A little unusual. I know.
But the CEO of Atlantic
requested it, make him happy,
you know where it goes.
- But I'm with the CEO of Atlantic.
- Well then they know all about it.
It's nothing unusual,
so don't worry about it.
It's not a problem. And we can
talk about the rest tomorrow.
- Don't worry about all that.
Worry about the olive
trees and the pampas,
how they'll blow through
your hair like my fingertips.
- [Deep Male Voice] Sir. Should
we do something about it?
Sir?
- Everyone get out then.
- [Sarah] And we did in.
In the movies, there's getaway
drivers and car chases,
but in real life it was
actually pretty easy.
As for our plan, I don't
know when they got wind,
it was too late for them to stop us.
- Wow. $50,000.
(triumphant music)
Wow! A free bikini!
Wow, half off ice cream at McDonald's!
(keyboard clicking)
(triumphant music continues)
- [Sarah] I didn't know how
long this all would last.
There was a paper trail unfortunately,
and I'm sure the powers that
would be would sort it all out
in some short order.
But for a brief glimmer of a moment,
the world saw something,
something magical and free.
And what more could you really ask?
- This is a disaster.
- Sir.
- I don't even mean the money.
The entire system is
dependent on complete control.
Rationing.
The bearest rationing of
money and power. With this?
My God, they will rise up,
brother against brother.
By the way, you're fired.
(guitar music starts)
- That's okay.
I've decided to move to
Argentina to be with my beloved.
- How great. You're not even angry.
This is the worst.
Poor people are animals. Animals.
And all...
Wait.
(keyboard clicking)
(upbeat techno music)
- Thanks OBSEC!
(water splashing)
- I found a man.
I think I only gave him
this slight brain damage.
- The sex thing, you know,
it's kinda embarrassing,
but at least it's funny.
- I remember that time I
helped that little girl
out of the fire.
- When did that happen?
- Maybe that's just how I remember it.
Or maybe that's how I died.
(ominous music)
(water splashing)
- Oh, hello sir.
This is our house. How can we help you?
Okay. Okay.
- You didn't leave much of a trail.
It was a trick to find you,
but you did leave something.
- Oops. Shouldn't have left that top.
- Does this look familiar?
- [Lana] Sit. Have some alask.
We're celebrating the end of capitalism!
- Alask is not a champagne.
It's a separate French
traditional sparkling wine.
- [Lana] Oh. Oh, thank you
sir for mansplaining that.
(techno music escalating)
- Don't play dumb. You know what you did,
and you're gonna pay.
- I don't see no police.
- Oh, I don't need the police.
They'll just arrest you.
Put you on trial.
- Justice.
- Oh, it has its value I guess.
But people are gonna watch.
See you smile.
Yeah, I know that smile.
Get ideas.
Any evidence I bring up, you go to jail,
40 years, a hero. That's not gonna happen.
Your end is going to be painful.
- This wine is quite good, no?
Any case, I've taken all your money.
Well, at least most of it.
What else? Your power,
your wife, your family.
- I am going to personally watch.
- Well, we also have this information.
It's quite funny, you know,
the companies you work for.
I mean you lost them trillions.
Well, prior to that you
were also skimming money,
taking pennies from every transaction.
And you promised total security.
Well, you know,
I know that you sold that
information to people to cheap.
Insider trading quite
a bit. Don't you think?
The thing is,
with such a closed system,
that put produces leaks.
And that is how we found out about it.
And if anything happens to
us, anyone in this group,
the least bit suspicious,
I'm gonna tell someone, and
they're gonna tell people,
relevant people.
And you know, I mean we're
talking about billions.
They might go to the police, or maybe.
- You little bitch!
You think you're so smart.
You think because ah,
(high pitched jibberish)
Just type it away and
I've got me by the balls.
But you don't know what I'm
capable of you little bitch!
(water splashing)
(girls cackling)
- Question.
- Yeah.
- Was all of this an elaborate effort
to make me fall in love with you?
- Maybe?
Did it work?
- Yes.
(kissing noises)
(indistinct screaming)
We're the queens of the party, party
Working hard, yeah we
run things, run things
If you wanna be with us then
Say dah, dah, dah. Yeah.
We're the queens of the party, party
Working hard, yeah we
run things, run things
I'm asking if you had a
question, say dah, dah, dah
- You know, the sex thing,
it's kinda embarrassing,
but it's funny.
- Yeah you got panties or no panties?
- I'm wearing a bikini.
- All good.
- So is he.
Say dah
When I answer their view
All eyes on me, uh huh
Had I no pressure, nope
I'm the one who beat, yes
(indistinct lyrics)
Got my looks, and the
beat and my girls,
But you should know, you should know
We're the queens of the party, party
Working hard, yeah we
run things, run things
If you wanna be with us then
Say dah, dah, dah
We're the queens of the party, party
Working hard, yeah we
run things, run things
If I'm asking you any questions
Say dah, dah, dah
Hey, say dah, say
dah, say dah, dah, dah
Dah, dah, dah, dah
Say dah
(indistinct and foreign
language rapping begins)
(upbeat party music continues)
We're the queens of the party, party
Working hard, yeah we
run things, run things
If you wanna be with us then
Say dah, dah, dah
We're the queens of the party, party
Working hard, yeah we
run things, run things
If I'm asking you any questions
Say dah, dah, dah
Say dah, say dah, say dah, dah, dah
Say dah, say, say dah, dah, dah
Dah, dah, dah, dah
Say dah, say dah
Hey